[Music]
ten stories that prove true love does
exist skeptics say that love is a myth
but all of their arguments are worth
nothing compared to the love stories of
real people that we've collected for you
love helps us cope with hardships
believe in miracles and strengthens us
these 10 touching stories confirm that
true love is a very real thing the last
one really got me
[Music]
for as long as I can remember my grandma
always had salami in the fridge when she
and my grandpa celebrated their 40th
anniversary she finally told him that
she hated salami and only bought it
because he liked it at that moment my
grandpa confessed that he had hated it
his entire life and had only eaten it
because he didn't want to offend her my
husband went to the office party for the
night the team was young and airy there
were attractive girls I always trusted
him but I felt a touch of jealousy when
he returned home a little drunk and went
to bed I decided to kiss him he punched
me on the nose being asleep he thought
he was still with his coworkers I'm no
longer jealous my daughter decided to
get a scale and went to the store one
day our salesmen wanted to prove that
the scale worked correctly so we stepped
on it my daughter looked down at the
scale and said man you need to eat more
so she gave him her lunch and today
they're married now you don't argue with
a free lunch I was on a train and there
was the couple right next to me an old
man and an old woman for the entire time
almost three hours the man was drawing
the lady's portrait in his notebook
the woman felt embarrassed that people
were looking at them but he only said
don't be shy my dear they are just
enjoying your beauty
[Music]
fifteen years ago my grandpa was stupid
enough to promise my grandma that as
long as he loved her he would never cut
his beard my grandpa is a very stubborn
man and he hasn't cut his beard for
fifteen years it grew down to his waist
you could braid it granny calls him my
beloved stubborn bearded my mother says
my father always used to wait for her to
return home from the office at the bus
stop he was afraid that something might
happen to her the bus arrived only twice
an hour and he waited for her even if
she was late no matter if it was raining
or snowing he was always there
[Music]
I asked my husband what love is he wrote
it's when she has mayo and chocolate
stains on her t-shirt when she says she
eats only vegetables because she's
dieting and you believe her because you
love this woman
[Music]
when my mom misses my dad she takes his
cologne and sprays it around the room
and when my dad comes home he smells the
Cologne and smiles I see you've been
thinking of me
[Music]
when I was a little boy my mother used
to ask me only two questions about the
girls I liked what's the color of her
eyes and what's her favorite ice cream
flavor I'm 40 now and my mom is long
gone but I remember so vividly that she
had green eyes and liked chocolate chip
ice cream just as my wife does
true love for me doesn't consist of
expensive gifts it's my father when he
helps mom with her bathing my is her
everything she needs and cleans her
shoes daily he also never forgets to
tell her how beautiful she is do you
think he's a pushover no he just loves
his wife who has severe spinal troubles
[Music]
you